[expo-linear-gradient] Require at least two colors in typescript (#27820)
expo/expo: packages/expo-linear-gradient/CHANGELOG.md

### 🛠 Breaking changes

> - The colors prop now requires at least two values. Passing an empty array or an array with one value will fail to typecheck. ([#27820](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/27820) by [@navignaw](https://github.com/navignaw))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- stricter TS type of the `colors` prop. It now requires providing an array of least two values. Passing an empty array or an array with one value will fail to typecheck. ([#27820](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/27820) by [@navignaw](https://github.com/navignaw))
```

the `colors` prop always required >= 2 values so this is more accurate
